uh, that's a hard one. When you don't get into the program you want. Yeah,
I think your best course of action is going to depend on a couple
of things. Number one. Did you get into a different program? Maybe
one that you didn't like as well. Um, if you did get into another
program, let's say you got you didn't get your first or even your second
choice. But maybe you got into your third choice program. You know,
at that point, you know that the whole application process takes,
you know, that's an effortful process. Um, and it may be that the
third choice program is honestly good enough, you know? And if that's
the case, then I would just go with the third choice and never look
back. Um, if you didn't get into your first choice, you know, the
one you were really hoping for and you didn't get into any other programs
or you know, you on, Lee got into, like, maybe the safety schools
that you really are not interested in going to. Um I would say
at that point maybe find out why you weren't admitted. Sometimes it
has nothing to do with you. Sometimes it has to do with funding. You
know, the person that you wanted to work with just doesn't have the
grant money to pay for another graduate student. Or, you know, the
department just doesn't have money for more students or whatever. Um,
so you know, if you can find out why you didn't get in and then if
it's a weakness in your application, then take some time and address
that and hit him up again. Mhm.